-- 1. we will create a  novel about the life of an inventor that created in a specific place 
a garden about 1200 square meters where time passes very slowly like 1 hour is 10 days, 
create at first the introduction considering the event has already happened and inside 
the garden decribe how it is. Describe the process that this courious event happened, its a machine that broke the time space and 
created a blackwhole like in the centre of the garden. suggest 10 characters who will have the following traits: 
the inventor at age of 35 melancholic never felt in love humourous and judgemental,
an old man the first volunteer who is about 75 years old, a retired scholar who wants to stay inside to see the world,
3 rich people who are about 60 years old, vain and selfish, able to stay inside the garden for a long time so the healthcare
may progress and find cure of their decease, a young couple who are about 25 years old, in love and want to stay inside the garden to live forever
one child who is about 10 years old, curious and wants to see the world, a gardener who is about 50 years old, and 2 women at their 30s
one is a nurse and the other is a teacher, they want to stay inside the garden to help the others. these are the main residents of the garden
although the researches comes in and out, it is possible to leave the garden with the condition 
you cant come again inside but they dont do it at the beginning. give names for all the characters. There are a few more residents, total 27 but
they are not important for the story at least for now.

--2. after the introduction we will dive the plot. The inventor will be the main character and the story will be told from his perspective. 
The story will be splitted in 7 events. First event is the desire of one of the rich people to have sex, he will try to persuade the authorities of
the garden to let prostitutes come inside which they deny, he thinks that they will let him, he tries to find a way but he fails, he doesnt think that his 
desease is something that he must be ashamed of, he thinks that he is a victim of the nature, he breakdowns

--3. After the deny of the authorities he will try to persuade the young couple to leave the garden because he is jealous of their love, 
he will try to make them fight, he will try to make them jealous of each other, he will try to make them think that they are not in love.
The young couple liv
