-- 1. we will create a  novel about the life of an inventor that created the specific place, the introduction will describe 
the garden with its beautyful flowers and trees, its stone path roads and the small houses with modest archiecture and 
the 3 roman style sculptures, the animals that live inside, the 2 cats and one horse which unfortunately can enjoy 
the countryside since the place is not very spacious. The garden is surrounded by an inner high wall and the only way to enter 
is through the main gate. Also there is an outter wall as high as the inner wall which is the no mans land and the effects of the blackwhole
are not as strong as in the inner wall. Also in the introduction its narrated the current social and political situation of the outside world 
and the continuous uncertainty which is the common thing in the modern era. Especially lack of water supplies made people revolt 
in the north and the army is ready to intervene. The events are taking place in a few decades from now
Democracy is in peril! Also the introduction covers little things about few of the characters but not for stephen. We will create the introduction in a classical way like the book fall in the introduction 
of cammus. *use all available token for output.

--2. Now we dive in the plot. The inventor will be the main character and the story will be told from his perspective. 
The story will be splitted in 7 events. The first event it the re-marriage of the younge couple. 
The story is about their past lifes and how they came there. Their desicion to marry every 2 weeks so that this will 
renew their vows since the time outside is aprox 10 years and they think that it will be a way to insult death. Death is the fetich of
the young couple and the most residents of the garden generally/
The young couple think that every 10 years the relationship should be renewed and with this way they celebrate the eternity of 
love as the call it. Alexander, the old guy in parallel starts having pains. Cancer is very aggressive and doctors gave 
him no more than 8 months of life. Alas, he is determined to defeat death too. He waits and waits hoping that the world will come and save.
He is inside garden for 5 days and he is already thinking of outside. unfortunately he doesnt think for people but for possible discoveries
that may ease his pain or even better cure him. The connection of the world outside comes every day with a newspaper especially created 
for the residents, but the news are almost more than a cover of the year that passed.
Demetrius, the old guy, in his solitude stares the sculpures and thinks about the lost glory of the past, its so dissapointing that death 
comes and take everything even the great empires of old, romans, greeks persians all dead and their self called successors come 
to claim their glory to legitimize their existance.. *use all available token for output.

--3. The second event is the arrival of mister Stephen, a french gentleman who will cause the interest and the anxiety of michael. 
The mystery between mister Stephen is entertaining. Even if Michael is the leader of the project and knows everything the specific 
reason why Stephen came here is not known to him, he will try and learn about the reason but without success and he will 
even go outside of the garden for a little to find the reasons why stephen came and who was responsible for his arrival outside. 
But his tries are without success, helen will become attracted to Stephen from his arrival but also vanesa will try to seduce him as she 
thinks that despite being almost 57 she is more attractive and entertainning that these stupid little girls as she call helen and eve. 
Marcus the gardener will go near the forbidden zone, the centre of garden and will try to plant flowers. Everything in the garden is 
growing normally so the flowers would be expected to grow soon but at least 2 months. *use all available token for output.

--4. The second event continues as stephen tries to settle and is almost captivated by demetrius, the old man with his serene and enigmatic 
aproach of life. His tries to come close to demetrius are fruitful and he starts going long walks with demetrius and talk about the essence
of life and generally whatever people without business talk about to spend their time and feel important. 
As everyone else, the cost of living inside the garden is heavy. All their fortune is engaged by the authorities of the garden 
and their assets are frozen. As we know the most important criteria of becoming a member of this exclusive club is to be ultra 
ich and withour heirs. Even if some of them have relatives outside the most important thing here is to accept the contract: 
Everything belongs to authorities and if the resident dies his fortune is inherited to the cause, the research of the garden. 
The unlikely friendship of the old man and the yound rich makes the residents of the garden annoyed as they think that the stupid old man 
(demetrius) is not worth of the friendship of a person like Stephen. *use all available token for output.


--5. the third event is the desire of one of the rich people, bill, to have sex since he is a degenerate human being with appetites 
not appropriate for anyone. His love of causing pain made him have troubles in the past. He narrates his story of the time where 
he was almost caught by the police where he was torturing an unfortunate mistress in his house. His power and connections made him escape 
then and the mistress became as he said more wealthy than before meeting him. What he didnt say and Michael knew is that his ex mistress had
long passed away for strange reasons. His mania to film everything also made him have troubles. Again in another event in the garden he is 
telling the story of his crazy vacations in Cyclades, Greece where he actually made people have sex in front of him even if they didnt know each
other. Again, the protagonist of his pervertions became welthier with a little expense in their self esteem which gladily exchanged for money.
 he will try to persuade the authorities to let prostitutes come inside the garden. he tries to find a way but he fails, he feels weak 
 and because of that feeling he is angry that he cant have what he wants. He tries to persuade eve to be his mistress but in vain. 
 Bill is inside the garden because of his will to outlive everyone even his children. 
 He wants to see the world of the future, he wasnt sure if he would go outside after 100-200 or 300 years of earth. 
 After his departure the children tried to make him come and even if someone cant leave the garden for his shake, there was an exception
 because every 1 hour should go outside to face the court. The authorities wouldnt risk to let someone who wouldnt pay so he came 
 on and off until he won the trial and his children only took some a tiny fraction of his fortune. The authorities annoyed for his attitude, 
 let him in but they were very strict about him. *use all available token for output.


--5. We continue the third event, After the deny of the authorities and the rejection of eve, bill will try to persuade the young couple to leave 
the garden because he is jealous of their love, he will try to make them fight, them jealous of each other, he will try to make them think that they are 
not in love. The young couple are arrogants but very playful and joyful with anyone and with the perception of youth and the worhip of life 
per se above everything else. *use all available token for output. He will even try to make Michael to punish the couple for their supposedly
bad behaviour. Especially, the young couple in their passion had sex one day in the garden and their lust became noticable for some residents.
Bill, that hypocrite, suggested since there was not guards inside the garden to enforce rules that the couple should live seperately for 2-3 days. 
*use all available token for output.

--6. the forth event is about marcus, and a curious rain. As we know the weather in the garden is always sunny and the sun never sets,
the rain was never the case and this is the first time it happens. Marcus runs while raining to see what happened to the sensitive flowers 
he planted and with his surprise he sees that the flowers are not destroyed but they are blooming. He couldnt understand if that was
magic or the rain would make all people have the energy of the youth. Because of his stupid belief that rain may make him youung again
every day for 3 days he was wandering in th rain almost naked. in his simple mind he thought that if the rain touched his skin the transformation
would be more effective. The rain stayed for 3 whole days without stop, The event was so strange, there were no clouds in the sky and the sun 
was shining like all the other days and the only reason why it was somehow different was because rain was so heavy that it had a suspicion of 
shadow in the area. Again Michael had to go outside to see what was happening because he was afraid it wouldnt stop and he left the garden for 2 whole days
which meant that he spent 8 months in his lab cenre, now with the stuff much older than his previous visit and looking at him with hate as he
noticed. The outcome of this was the . *use all available token for output.

--7. The story continues of the forth event. With the apsence of Michael and the crazy marcus wandering around almost naked while raining 
the eroticism in the garden would raise. Stephen the mysterious gentleman would reveal his true intentions. He was already 3 weeks in the garden 
and he had became friends with almost everyone and would enjoy the friendship of Demetrius and their walks but also he would enjoy the other 
residents who were so seduced by him. Every party they threw, and they had parties every day with alchohol etc would had always have him as
the honored person. And bill would be so jealous that stephen was almost every day the honored person the "Sun King" or "Sun Queen" ceremony 
the residents had figured out. After Stephen the most common king and queens were Vanessa, Eve and Alexander. In an event like this Stephen
done somethinf that didnt used to do, he drunk a lot and for the first time he lost control. In a crises of honesty he spoke to the least
trustworth person, bill. His reason of coming there was to suicide. He wanted to see the black whole and to see if the rumours was real, that the
whole would devoured hims. Dissapointed by the betrayal of his business partners and almost losing his entire fortune he started having a nihilist
approach. Even if he managed to destroy his enemies, his dissapointment of life and the purpose made him come to the garden. Because of his 
manipulative nature a product of his time too, he wanted to seduce eve. He didnt want to harm her but he thought that it would be a last joke
before the end. He achieved sleeping with Eve and managed to make her believe that it was only sex and she should not want anything else. 
His malicious nature, grown in its full potential in the environment he was raised made him be entertained with the anxiety 
of all the garden residents. We see him as someone who dislikes feminism, socialism, religions and generally everything that makes the person.

--8 The fifth event is the conflict between Alexander and Bill over their 
